#summary FAQ
#labels Featured

= Fauxbar Questions & Answers =

=== 1. Why was this extension created? ===
Fed up with Firefox's poor memory performance and Chrome's unpredictable Omnibox behavior, Fauxbar was created to combine Firefox's Awesome Bar functionality with Chrome's stability.

=== 2. What version of Chrome is required? ===
Fauxbar requires Google Chrome v12 or above to run.


=== 3. Should I always leave Fauxbar enabled? ===
For best results, yes, always leave it enabled if you can. If Fauxbar is disabled and you continue browsing with Chrome, Fauxbar's index will become out of sync with Chrome's index. While you can get Fauxbar back up to speed by clicking the Reindex button within Fauxbar's options, this can be tedious.

=== 4. Does Fauxbar send data to any external servers? Is my personal information safe? ===
When typing into the Search Box, Fauxbar may send the text you've entered to the selected search engine, to retrieve and display query suggestions from the search engine. This is enabled by default but can be disabled in the options.

Apart from this, no, Fauxbar does not send any data across the Internet. Your history, bookmarks, search engines and options stay put on your local computer.

=== 5. Can I open Fauxbar without opening a New Tab? ===
Yes. Use this address:

`chrome-extension://hibkhcnpkakjniplpfblaoikiggkopka/fauxbar.html`

You could add this to your bookmarks bar, or set it as Chrome's home page.

=== 6. Why the name "Fauxbar"? ===
Since it's impossible to add or modify a bar to Chrome's UI, Fauxbar's "bar" is merely part of the extension's HTML page. So really it's a fake bar, or a faux bar.

=== 7. What is the Fauxbar logo supposed to be? ===
It's a red panda. A faux fox, if you will.